Add android questions & react-native-firebase version (#2293)
invertase/react-native-firebase: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Bug_report.md

<details><summary>Click To Expand</summary>
<p>

> #### Have you converted to AndroidX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Have you converted to AndroidX?

<!--- Mark any options that apply below -->
```

> - Your application is an AndroidX application? Yes / No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] my application is an AndroidX application?
```

> - You are using android/gradle.settings:jetifier=true for android compatibility? Yes / No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I am using `android/gradle.settings` `jetifier=true` for Android compatibility?
```

> - You are using npm package jetifier for react-native compability? Yes / No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I am using the NPM package `jetifier` for react-native compatibility?
```
